Q:Write a blog on Difference between HTTP-1.1 vs HTTP-2.0

Ans: HTTP:Hypertext Transfer Protocol
HTTP is a Client-Server model in which communication will be done through two systems via service request process. 
Client will be the service receiver and Server will be the service provider that are communicating via requests and responses.

The difference between HTTP-1.1 vs HTTP-2.0:-

1.HTTP-2.0 version released in 2015 and HTTP-1.1 version released in 1997.

2.HTTP-2.0 is multiplexed,it can have multiple requests in parallel over a single TCP connection.As a result, over a one TCP connection response service will be provided for all the requests at a time and HTTP-1.1 is having head-of-line blocking problem,i.e the first request blocks the other requests untill it gets the response service.

3.HTTP-2.0 uses Binary protocols whereas HTTP-1.1 uses textual protocols.

4.HTTP-2.0 do server push.This allows the server to send additional cacheable information to the client whereas HTTP-1.1 will only send the data that is requested by client.

5.HTTP-2.0 is much faster and more efficient than HTTP-1.1

6.Small files load more quickly than large ones.both HTTP-1.1 and HTTP-2.0 compress HTTP messages to make them smaller.but HTTP-2.0 uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets.

Q:Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Ans:
-A JavaScript object is a collection of named values.
-all the javascript values are objects except premitive types
-objects can be created with new keyword and dot(.)notation
-objects in js are comma seperated list of colon seperated properties closed with curly braces
-objects will have property,property value,property method.
-we can access the object property with dot(.)notation like (obj.name)or bracket notation like(obj['name'])
-objects contain any combination of primitive data-types and reference data-types.

object=>person
properties=>person.name="ABC",person.age=25,
method=>person.walk()
        person.eat()
      
example of Creation of object with object literal:

var vehicleobj= {
type:"car",
model:"BMW",
};

example of Creation of object with function with new keyword:

function vehicle(type,model,year,colr,engine)
{
this.type=type;
this.model=model;
this.year=year;
this.color=color;
this.engine=engine;
}
var tesla=new vehicle("car","tesla","2018","red","v8");
tesla.key();





